1/14/2026
This may or may not be an all original idea.
The idea is that a series of circuits will be used in a contiguous way as a microchip.
They will be built on stacks in blocks of a prioritized circuit chain.

First Chain---
  First Block---
    First Stack---
                Active               
                Detected
                Waiting
                Copy
                Transfer
                Emulated---
    Second Stack---
                Known Emulation
                Reiterated Check
                Direct Pass
                Indirect Fail
                Count As Pending
                Set To Attended---
    Third Stack---
                Achieve Read
                Achieve Load
                Achieve Parse
                Achieve List
                Achieve Code
                Achieve Logic---
    Fourth Stack---
                As Xor
                As Or
                As And
                As Nand
                As Not
                As Nor
                As Xnor-B
                As Off
                As On
                As Pending
                As Switch/Either
      Fifth Stack
                As Repeat
                As Comp
                As Release
                As Write

So this basically allows for a full minecraft template of a switch/logic.
So that it knows the configuration for it, and it is safe to use, and then once it is activated the correct usage it will Release/Write to the markup of that inquiry in function being applied.
(So it will either successfully transcribe or not, allocate partially for, the intended code-sequence of which is registered as "0's and 1's  in the depths of its stacks Z)---(and will afford coordinate-vectors/byte-chains) there of in its write-up/mark-up)
Such as it will write 0 or 1. Then it will begin to write in succession the rate of which 0's and 1's occur in their consecutive vector (0000, 1111, 0100) and form a coordinate/chain of these in a code-string.
And this will be registered to the circuit as a series of pulse/signal that means a pathway.
And that pathway will be desginated in which it will then occur/afford the protocol of whatsoever byte it placed/requested. (so that --- (0000, 1111, 0100) could mean "gate# to xor for Block#" and forms a variable for that in its address. And that variable is registered to be used in its signal/pulse by design/circuit in anticipation of the request)---so when the request is made, the channel is ready.
---It will then design as an emitter to which will select channel-streams of that data to be used in priority to the chain which is recieved.
So the second chain can enhance from the first chain.
And that it will make request of the first chain to the third chain.
And the third chain will database the request, and forward the request as a command.
And the fourth chain will detect the command of the third.
And the fifth chain will execute the command if it is valid so far.
And the sixth chain will interpret the command as a library call.
And the seventh chain will recieve the call and transfer the extension
And the eighth chain will deliver an extension of every call to a throughput in the next chain.
And the ninth chain will provide as a service of the extension
And the tenth chain will post the resulting packet of this service
And the eleventh chain will catalogue the packet based on its memory to which is computed.
And the twelveth chain intend/append the catalogue as connection
And the thirteenth chain will base the connection in queue to a cpu-syntax which will be set to directory in mem-call.
And the memcall will organize and inevitably rebuild into cache-file when access in frame.

Blocks will be organized next in priority of the memcall checking for block-use/post-calling.
So each chain will have their own space for more blocks for more stacks which are configured to a memcall of the first block of their chain.

First Chain
  First Block---has call
  Second Block---has post of call
  Third Block---has relay of post
  Fourth Block---has fillout of post
Second Chain---will coorealate to first chain as readout
Third Chain---Will toggle as readout to loadout
Fourth Chain---Will set as frame to boot/process
Fifth Chain---will allow current settings in express
Sixth Chain---will optimize for configuration
Seventh Chain---Will formulate data for template
Eighth Chain---Will achieve Template for reference
Ninth Chain---Provide to Source
Tenth Chain---will mitigate source response
Eleventh Chain---Will mediate outcome of source-print
Twelveth Chain---Will port to connection or virtualize
Thirteenth Chain ---Propogate Diagnostic of Feed/Loop
And the memcall will follow/touch on cache awareness to which is alter/morph of origin/source.
