1/18/2026

Accelerated Compute involving Chemistry
Use of Advanced Chemical Combination and Synthesis

Current Interests:
TNT baseline for Record/History Reference
---Advancing fuels and catalyst based off this groundwork

Nitrous-Oxide is the nitrolytic baseline for computational and quantum fuel and coolants.
So we have Developing from N02--to N4 and N6
Specifically now with advancements in chemical knowledge base.

Tnt to Symtex analogues.

But directly currently --- N6 CHAIN-LIKE analog.
As it is boasted as the most stable non nuclear fuel (which may prove useful in quantum-computations)
We are going to create an experimental build/planner for Hydrazine/Tnt but ESPECIALLY Nitrous-Oxide leading up to N6

And this is because of quantum-accuracy of chemical undetaking/synthesis

We want to use LAMPS to specify each element, in which it can be filtered/temperature controlled with its own irradiation and mixing thereof in a closed setting, and allowed filtration and continued-feed thereof its resulting compounds.
LAMP2LAMP.

So in a series of LAMPS, we synthesis N6 simply.
And want to experimentally design/build a mixture of MAGNESIUM/NITROUS-OXIDE or nitrous-glycerine with N6 for "efficiency/productivity" in handling/management of any product.
It "should be enhanced" for an energy-release of ---using hydrolysis/electrolysis in a mechnical/chemical pattern of "non nuclear" membranes within a quantum-channel.
So---we can assume it is a "psuedo-nuclear" explosion/computation which is measured in a spectrogram and then rendered in QUANTUM-HOLOGRAPY or "fails as an explosion".

Author's Note ---It comes with the terrority, that I would leaning into chemistry with computation and using---ai-assisted builds, which I have suggested/mentioned as a previous interest.
Disclaimer:I'm actually not a chemist lol.

REFERENCE:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r23G4cMQr3Y&t=1316s
Chemists made N6. How energetic is it? | Hexanitrogen
Total Synthesis 

This video mentioned several compounds which I picked up on as interesting/immediately noticeable from previous study. Which I have done barely any study
But I like the idea of using ARGON and i've mentioned this, that there is some purpose somewhere so maybe we can pick up from previous experiments I've suggested for synthesis, and we can make some sort of Quantum-Fuel through N6 and what I will expect maybe magnesium/interlayered-nitrogens
This could be fun, Idk.
FOR INSTANCE, a sustained explosion that is in feedback/loophole within a silicon-quantum-glass-wafer (NOW we have an EVOLVING CPU CHIP)
"Its exploding and creating algorithms within itself"

----This hopefully creates the META-ASSETS and META-INFUSIONS of META-DATA that we can use/like for code-engineering.
